"It seems to me that twin-engine passenger jets cannot be used to fly long-distance transoceanic routes."
This is the former director of the Federal Aviation Administration
What Mr. Lynn Helms said during President Reagan’s administration
The United States did not allow dual-engine aircraft to operate at the time
Routes more than 60 minutes (flight time) from the alternate airport
At that time, the aviation industry believed that the single-engine propulsion could only make the (dual-engine) aircraft safe for about one hour.
But this greatly limits the use of twin-engine aircraft
Like the North Atlantic route from New York to London, aircraft can only fly in green areas
However, the direct routes of the two cities are like this
The airline could only choose to bypass the Atlantic with a twin-engine aircraft
Or use 3 or 4 engines with lower economic efficiency
At the time, it was not a policy to allow airlines to move between smaller cities
Direct flight routes operated by Shuangqing aircraft
This regulation changed the aviation industry's code for designing aircraft
In the 1960s, this regulation only applied to twin-engine aircraft
Aircraft manufacturers can of course choose to build fuel-efficient ultra-high-engine 4-engine aircraft
But their body must be big enough to make money
At that time, Boeing 747 could carry more than 400 passengers
So they can only fly super popular routes to have full hope
For example, the route between London and New York
In order to facilitate more niche routes
Airplanes need to lose weight while crossing the ocean legally
Three-engine aircraft appeared at this time <3
The three-engine aircraft was not restricted at the time
60-minute regulations for twin engines
The Atlantic route is a piece of cake for them
This is why most of the long-haul aircraft seen in the 70s and 80s
Are all Boeing 747 or 3-engine aircraft like DC-10
This 60-minute rule caused inconvenience for crossing the Atlantic
But this changed the development path of Hawaii in the Pacific
There is no alternate landing airport between California and Hawaii
So this route and the 60-minute rule cannot be touched
This determines that airlines can only use large aircraft to operate this route
So the only option at the time was to land at Honolulu Airport
At that time, there were few routes connecting other small islands with the mainland
This means that the other islands are isolated
This is the tourism industry of other small islands in Hawaii in recent decades
One of the reasons it just started to grow
Fortunately, the reform is finally here
The 60-minute rule begins with a propeller plane
And propeller engines often stop in the air
This is the reason for installing the backup engine
This regulation did not make adjustments to increasingly reliable jet engines
Statistics show that there are 117 propeller engine failures behind every jet engine failure
The advent of the era of jet engines means that engines become safer
So the American Aviation Administration allowed Global Airlines in 1985
Boeing 767 on the Boston-Paris route
A route that may be 120 minutes away from the nearest alternate airport
This is the first example of FAA's new certification rules (ETOPS)
"Dual Engine Performance Operation Standard" or colloquially speaking
"The engine will turn or the passengers will have to swim"
Airlines must purchase ETOPS certified aircraft
Used to fly over ocean routes
This means that the plane has an engine failure
There is also sufficient capacity to navigate safely, which requires the aircraft to have a sufficiently powerful background system including backup communications and fire fighting
Boeing 767 is the first aircraft to obtain ETOPS certification
Its certification level is 180 minutes
This means she can fly routes less than 180 minutes from the alternate airport
Obtaining certification does not mean that this airline is allowed to fly over ocean routes
The aviation company must have a special maintenance plan, as well as specially trained crew members
Special dispatchers, different from the usual fuel quantity and special evacuation rescue procedures
The aircraft's ability to reach the runway does not mean that she can escape from danger
Many times the plane is still critical after landing
Alaska’s Cold Bay Airport is a travel between Asia
And excellent examples of alternate airports in North America
It only has six commercial aircraft a week
But it runs long enough to benefit from its previous status as an air base
The only problem is that this is a very small town
There are only 108 people. When the plane makes an emergency landing, it will greatly increase the population of the town and make the town unable to load
Because there are not enough accommodation and food resources to support so many passengers
For this reason, if the airline company decides to use Cold Bay Airport as an emergency standby airport
Airline Division needs to make a 48-hour plan to place passengers
The right engine of a Boeing 787 flying from Shanghai to Chicago last year
Breakdown in the middle of the Pacific
The plane immediately diverted to Cold Bay Airport
Before the landing, the whole plan was implemented
One is that the flight attendant handed out the second meal early
Only a few hours after safety
American Airlines engineers set off from Seattle to Cold Bay to repair injured 787
At the same time, American Airlines' alliance Alaska Airlines began to use 737 in Anchorage to send away trapped passengers
In the process, the cabin crew delivered the third meal they prepared while waiting after landing
At the same time, the Coast Guard opened its early-warming hangar for passengers
Passengers flew to Anchorage only 10 hours after landing and stayed there for one night
They took American Airlines flight 757 from Anchorage to Chicago the next day
This is a perfect case of a passenger grooming plan
This compact and orderly plan helps airlines
Fast and safe transfer of trapped passengers
Thanks to the extremely reliable engine and many different safety measures as well as the well-designed passenger grooming plan
Today's aircraft and airlines can obtain incredible ETOPS certification
The 787 Dreamliner forced to downgrade to Cold Bay holds a 330-minute type rating
This means she can fly 5.5 hours to the nearest airport
Previously, the ultra-long cross-sea route where 4-engine aircraft can fly in the southern hemisphere is feasible
But the economic benefits cannot be met because airlines cannot find enough passengers on low-demand routes to make a profit
For example, the route from Melbourne to San Diego
LATAM Airlines can operate the 787 on this relatively low demand transoceanic route while making money
Thanks to her 330-minute ETOPS type rating
Airbus A350 even received a 370-minute type rating
Means that she flew 6 hours and 10 minutes from the alternate airport
So she can sail on any route except for flying straight through Antarctica
The age of the 3 and 4 engine aircraft became the past due to changes in regulations
Boeing and Airbus' largest aircraft are the only ones they produce today
4-engine aircraft (B747 and A380)
Smaller and smaller aircraft can get ETOPS rating
So now almost all transatlantic routes are operated with twin engines
Air Canada uses their rated A319 daily
From St John Airport to London Heathrow Airport
British Airways even uses the smaller A318 to operate routes from London Airport to New York
These routes were unthinkable 30 years ago
But the reliability of today’s aircraft means that we no longer have to be afraid of crossing the ocean with small aircraft